[Music]
really getting mileage out of that sound
board aren't we i need to put different
music on there for our opening do you
think it was with the jazzy music that
used to be on the podcast intro i love
that shows jazzy music
you you almost said jizz hi everyone my
name is james i'm nick and welcome to
the padre and apparently i'm just
obsessed with jizz jizz
uh welcome to episode three of the
padreon um did anyone remember the like
you know it was like a a bridged version
of gem called jizz
yeah actually the editor of uh did that
no way yeah no way because i i know i i
i could swear that the voice of jizz was
katja
no uh no no but i've heard the voice of
jizz does pop up on oh from time to time
oh that's adorable
i love that
i love that willem was a voice on jizz
so welcome to episode three of the
padreon which is the
uh patreon exclusive podcast from my
channel
um
so what are we talking about today we
are talking about the shifting landscape
of hollywood last week we talked about
the shifting landscape of streaming this
uh this day this day
this day
on this day um i feel like we it's worth
it to kind of have like a sister episode
talking about uh how hollywood is
shifting especially going into this um
new roaring 20s that we're entering yes
the new roaring 20s that will hopefully
be a roaring 20s and not just a [ __ ]
show like it's been for the last two
years yeah um great start i mean like
the the roaring twenties also didn't
start on a bang either it started with
the pandemic yes it did yeah they called
the flu so spanish flu right maybe no
avian flu was more recent yeah spanish
flu okay um
and once again there was a problem with
people not wearing masks and not people
not so not the social distancing and
icelandic people just not taking it
seriously and we don't really talk about
it but that lasted for like two or three
years well it was about three years
two years was the core of it and then it
kind of fizzled off and then the roaring
twenties happened maybe we're in the
fizzle yeah the roaring twenties as we
know them happened only in like a five
to eight year span depending on where
you were really yeah um and then the
great depression hit so like we talk
about it like it's a decade but it was a
sec a very
intense section of a decade with a
massive amount of social change and of
course going into the depression
certainly sucked and hopefully the 2030s
are not a depression but you know what i
did great during the depression unions
the film industry
staying on topic
the film industry did great during the
depression because people wanted to
escape their life and so they went and
they paid their nickel to see a movie
but one could argue that we've had
escapism for the last 20 years or so um
and so what i want to talk about
and we've talked about this ad nauseum
among ourselves and every time we talk
you kind of mentioned the podcast you're
like what are we talking about again um
yeah uh and i'm like james we talk about
this literally all the time i never know
what the hell i'm talking about
like let's run with it take it say it
and the kind of spur thing that spurs
this conversation on and it's we've been
talking about a lot especially since the
batman since we watched the batman the
batman the batman which is now out on
streaming i mean like this batman isn't
much
and he's more like the batman yeah i
love this i love i love patterson
baderson battinson battenson if you
haven't watched the batman it's totally
worth watching it is long but it's worth
watching it's really it's actually
really good and like i was we were
trying to talk about it and i'm like i
really hope this ushers in an era of
like three-hour thriller movies and you
were like yeah
and well yeah and then we start kind of
started talking about
the cyclical nature of the film yeah
because we're also we also kind of used
that to springboard to talk about not
just like pre-sales for doctor strange
are doing fairly well right uh for imacs
they're doing very well for premium
screens but for normal screens it's just
okay but the batman did the same thing
and then it did really well well as far
as remember it underperformed uh
pre-sales
uh
no okay uh it was doing really badly um
in pre-sales and then
when the movie actually came out it did
better than pre-sales yeah that's what i
mean that's what i mean it did bad
pre-sales and that's the assumption of
what's going to happen with doctor
strange is that the all of the imacs and
the premium screens are selling out
because people like us are buying
tickets because we
have no lives
and
the normal people are waiting for the
reviews to come out
um which i should have waited for the
reviews but i'm sick of like
flurrying about trying to find some
theater with open seats
but like even though pre-sales for
doctor strange are doing fairly well
this isn't getting the same kind of
enthusiasm that other marvel movies get
no they're like there's a sect of marvel
fans that are very excited for it to
stand understand
it's more cautious
curiosity yeah they're very excited
tentatively also yeah tentatively very
excited because it's kind of like
okay are we gonna get the scarlet witch
like at full power [ __ ] yes or are they
gonna do her dirty like marvel normally
does yeah
um
and like that's kind of which era which
era of marvel coming at the scarlet
witch is this yeah and i mean this comes
out tuesday the movie comes out on
thursday so i'm going to put out my
final
prediction and that is that because of
the multiverse there are multiple wandas
and one of them is doing very bad things
and the mcu wanda has to stop them yeah
and i think in the process is going to
have to give up her kids for a second
time yeah
could be the evil one that actually
brings back the kids and good wanda has
to be like this is wrong i shouldn't do
this yeah and so i think that's what's
going to happen with wanda as far as
everything else i don't care
which is like chavez looks like a disney
channel character yeah which is the
thing like people just have seemed to
stop caring about marvel and like same
thing with moon knight same thing with
miss marvel people just aren't buzzing
about it like this the excitement's not
there anymore and i think the the the
default to go to is to say well end game
was the end game and people are having a
hard time kind of getting enthusiasm
yeah the marvel cinematic thing is over
but i want to slap those people because
no no no
because end game came out two years
before one division
and one division had people
very roaming and foaming at the mouth
yeah that me included every week like
it's hard to imagine that it came out
last year new division
two years ago dear no yeah it was last
year yeah last year that's what i mean
like if it was two years ago i'd get it
but like it was last year the series
series was wrapping up yeah and it's
like wow and there was a lot of
excitement for loki a lot of incitement
for loki um
she got some sorry i dropped something i
had a lot of excitement so it's spiders
uh spider-man definitely i don't count
that as an mcu movie i think that's a
uh i'm talking about marvel movies in
general because even like the sony ones
like uh venom has a particular feel um
morby who uh yeah that morbius just
bombed but
but it's kind of like the the assumption
is that you know end game was the end
game and now people are kind of like
well
what happens next you know the
excitement isn't there for the embassy
the evolution of that thinking is like
oh well people are just burnt out from
marvel from last year which may be the
case
but the thing is
people aren't that excited about
any of the big movies coming out marvel
dress yeah yeah
this is one this is the new top gun the
new um
uh all of these kind of gang buster not
gangbuster but like you know like
blockbuster spectacle films yeah really
playing off that kind of
very strongly interconnected flash and
shock and awe kind of thing that marvel
kind of established
sit your butt down eat your popcorn
don't pay attent too much attention to
what's actually on the screen kind of
movies yeah um not to say that there
wasn't a lot of talent that went into
marvel movies and there aren't some
genuine absolutes in there
but like
was a very fun movie don't think about
it
and the thing is is that like
there's not that much excitement for dr
strange which i'm finding
kind of odd because of the and i think
that's why the tease is
the the teasers that are going on tv now
are there they're like yeah look it's
captain captain carter look it's
professor x like they're
so they're starting to blow the wad yeah
and i think they're doing that because
the excitement's not there um in the
king community that's called a ruined
orgasm
but they're
you know the excitement isn't there
but the excitement's not really there
for thor either no which is
sad because i was looking more forward
to thor than
a lot of other movies yeah um with these
i mean i've lost my excitement for thor
because
crisp
it wasn't for a crisp rat um crisp rat
um
which i think is hilarious that's this
kind of moniker among the queers have
you seen have you seen that mario got
delayed the mario movie not surprised
i'm wondering if they're going if
they're kind of waiting to see what his
movies
are doing
and then kind of me like
because it's not uncommon that they make
announcements for voice casts for like
big animated movies and then just by the
time it comes out it's completely
shifted i mean look at sonic well sonic
got completely the voice cast didn't
change no no i mean just
like making change to animated movies
but like paddington that wasn't an
animated movie but it was an animated
character colin firth was playing
paddington the bear and then
test screenings were like he's kind of
creepy and so they replaced him with um
the guy whose name i can never remember
but who i think is really cute plays q
in the new james bond movies ben winshaw
he has that voice yeah i like that yeah
so he was replaced and they replaced
they released um trailers with colin
firth yes yeah so like it's with voice
casting it's literally never too late
yeah it's always easy well i don't know
easy not necessarily but it's never too
late to replace boys yeah yeah um
um even according to george lucas 20
years after the movie's released
but um
yeah so
what we've kind of
talked about a bit and especially like
given that the batman and the reason why
batman is part of this is because it is
such a different superhero movie yeah
it's like it is look at it is a
detective movie with superhero stuff
yeah instead of being a superhero movie
with a detective scene here or there
yeah yeah and
i think this is this is my favorite
batman movie the more i think about it
like yes even batman returns
um batman returns might have my favorite
characters and kind of my favorite lines
and like it was a really good script but
just as far as a project came together
this was
yeah
and i think
like the the idea of maybe the
blockbuster is changing a little bit did
come
like we started talking about it after
seeing the batman but it really got in
ingrained when we saw everything
everywhere all at once which is not a
blockbuster but it's doing very well for
the size of the movie that it is yeah
which if you haven't seen it please go
watch it if you have the ability to see
it again i recommend it yeah
um
and
i started thinking about it and because
there are a lot of smaller movies doing
very well
and and it's been growing over the last
few years too even before a little bit
before the pandemic like a kind of push
for more personal smaller
uh movie more or our tour kind of films
like um
yeah
um
like the lighthouse for instance the
lighthouse you saw this a lot with
jordan peele um his films like you know
the kind of demand for that uh us and
get out and things like that smaller
budgeted movies
are doing very well
and
this happened
you know once before nothing is new
under the sun history repeats itself um
this happened
many times but most distinctly early in
the early 60s because in the 50s when
television started to become a thing
hollywood was like we need to figure out
how to you know out spectacle tv because
if you can just watch stuff at home why
are you going to go to a movie theater
yeah so then went big so they went big
they started doing cinemascope and
things like that which was like ultra
widescreen
and that's now we just call
like two three five i shoot a lot of
videos in it but you talk about
cinemascope sometimes it's it's such a
dated term it's very cute when you say
that because you're very like rejected
but there's another one i forget what
it's called i think it might be
cinevision or something like that um
that was basically
three times as wide as the normal screen
and i like the term cinemascope because
it's an ingrained term to sort of say
like you only get this in cinema because
back in the day tvs were basically
squares i think it was like four by
three yeah um so a very
uh tall aspect ratio
um relatively speaking yeah and so
that's when you get movies like if
correct me from like ben hur
uh the ten commandments or those bit
earlier uh the ten commandments i think
was just cinemascope but when you got
into the the other one which i'm calling
it cinevision but it might not be that
um
the super super wide screen
that
was the robe
um
a lot of kind of experimental things
like showing you
uh like putting a camera on a roller
coaster and having the roller coaster go
that's interesting because if that's
wide enough that would give you really
bad vertigo yeah also can you turn my uh
headphones down a little bit just the
headphones um your voice is very loud
sorry no don't don't complain it's just
my headphones are very loud but um is
that better no like a little bit more
just my headphones there how about that
it doesn't seem to be changing that much
maybe we have them in the wrong things
no no anyway just take your headphones
off then okay um that is a little bit
better but
um
but yeah
so
i guess i can take mine off too
um so like things like the robe
and other like ultra widescreen kind of
things like ben hur bender was a big one
like these huge spectacle movies uh
spartacus was a really big one um and
there was like a solid 10 years of a lot
of these huge budget blockbuster movies
not only like the sound of music was one
of them too santa move music was the
first movie with a helicopter on a
camera and a helicopter right i think so
and she kept getting blown over on that
opening seat yes on the hill
but um
so hollywood was like we need to go
bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bear
but it ended up creating a bubble where
you know you can only go so big yeah and
then
the movies started costing so much money
that cleopatra bankrupted fox well yeah
that's the famous example i think that
what's happened psychologically there is
that p thinks get to a point where
bigness is the only thing that's
really present in the film yeah and like
you don't really see anything else going
on because it's just trying so hard to
be big which once again cleopatra um i
haven't seen the whole movie i've seen
most of it probably mm-hmm uh but
it's big yeah that's what it's supposed
to be first movie where a actor got paid
more than a million dollars
actress
actress okay i thought it was just actor
actress anyone like she was the highest
paid actor i think it was actress but it
might be actor okay but
i mean like it's history elizabeth
taylor so like work
so history wise hollywood kind of burst
its bubble
because it was spending so much money on
these movies uh especially musicals
musicals were really big yeah and they
were spending a fortune on movies like
dr doolittle and stuff like this
and no one was going to see them because
people kind of got worn out from the
spectacle yeah and people then started
to go see movies like easy rider bonnie
and clyde uh who's afraid of virginia
woolf like movies like that and
and and even like psycho and that kind
of whatever happened whatever happened
to baby jane
is it whatever happened yeah yeah
whatever happened to baby james whatever
much smaller movies whatever happened to
mommy dearest um who was afraid of mommy
much much smaller movies and that kind
of
dictated the 1960s
um
and with everything everywhere all at
once which is only
i say only a 25 million dollar movie but
you know by hollywood standards that's
chump change that is tiny especially for
what they pulled off with that 25
million and like the special effects
team was three people
um
a lot of the
like crazy sped up stuff was just a
gopro on a stick and the director just
walking around town yeah so
i'm i'm wondering if we're not getting
into the situation once again
where you where we are
getting that box office fatigue yeah
that blockbuster blockbuster fatigue
yeah and it's not oh the death of the
blockbuster because that happens every
week well yeah it's gonna bounce back
it's just that people i think need a
break from that because i don't even
think that it's that people need a break
or that people are you know tired of
spectacle it's that
okay show me something new
and like with the mcu you're not really
seeing anything new yeah with um
the dc movies you're not really seeing
anything new because it's all franchises
because hollywood's only willing to put
money into franchises for big budget
movies and so people are like oh i've
seen this before i've seen the marvel
movie before because it is the marvel
movie which is why like you know one
division was kind of like a breath of
fresh air because it was
um you know it was such a smaller scope
than marvel's willing to go and even the
marvel has gone
uh in their you know you don't have to
put your headphones back on i was just
putting mine like in their franchises
like um
and so like did one division and and
i
because even when you get into i felt a
little bit i felt really excited by one
division being like oh
the marvel universe is trying something
new yeah and then we got falcon winter
soldier i'm like okay they need to keep
doing the marvel stuff and then we got
loki and then we got and that's what
happened because you got wanda vision
which was like
fresh david lynch does marvel yes and
then you got
um falcon in the winter soldier which is
like okay they're trying this political
thriller thing it's not working yeah but
they're trying it it is something
different but then loki was just a
marvel movie yeah and and then we got
sean then we went back into the marvel
sort of formula and then the movies
started coming out again you got shang
qi and black widow and even though they
were really fun movies and i enjoyed
both of them they were just marvel
movies and then eternals was not a
marvel movie but was also not well
received yeah uh and did not make his
budget back at all no
and
so it's kind of and then but spider-man
then
became one of the highest grossing
movies of all time without even a
chinese release yeah so it's like
but then again like like you said about
spider-man spider-man i think is an
outlier in this situation because it was
paying off like it was 20 years 20 years
of spider-man yeah spider-man movies
instead of just adding more to the
marvel cinematic universe yeah gumbo
yeah so and like
and so that's where really where
spiderman uh was why it was such a
success
oh gosh excuse me um and i mean there's
there's things like hollywood spending
ridiculous amounts of money i think
it's 150 million dollars that they have
given to christopher nolan
to make a movie about the manhattan
project
which if you don't know what the
manhattan project is other than some
stock footage of nuclear bombs that
would be required
it's people talking in rooms yeah
150 million dollars yeah and i don't
understand that is not going to make its
budget back and that is not going to do
well i don't understand why they keep
throwing him money for these you know
carte blanche projects that don't make
their money back
are they hoping
warner brothers but warner brothers has
distanced themselves from him this time
because of
that last one that he did the
not inception
yeah tenant tenant um
they've kind of distanced themselves
from him and he's found a new partner i
think it's sony i can't remember but
he's working with a new production
company now and they just handed him
basically a blank check and he hired
like every actor in hollywood and that's
unfortunate and that's another thing
that's really bothering me about
hollywood is that like these movies are
big movies are becoming basically places
for already popular you know characters
to go like people are kind of factors
actors yeah people are ranking on dune 2
for being like okay it's just collecting
every famous person in hollywood yeah um
and people are kind of annoyed by that i
think people are also entering into an
era where people really like seeing new
faces and fresh perspectives um
like i think one of the reasons people
really liked tom holland when he first
showed up as spider-man is because no
one had really seen him before
like unless you had seen the impossible
you didn't know who the hell tom holland
was i think honestly i think that's
another reason why people like uh
pattinson uh as batman because he isn't
like you know he hasn't really been in
the main yeah like he did twilight but
then he's done a bunch of like he kind
of disappeared yeah he didn't he's been
working and doing yeah like kind of
becoming a much the lightning you
mentioned the lighthouse yeah yeah but
he disappeared from mainstream cinema
and then came back and it felt like a
rediscovery
is christian the year after kristen
stewart did uh spencer
same year as spencer okay yeah no the
year after spencer they had an interest
spencer was last year yeah yeah that's
what i mean like the year after uh diana
spencer so they both had this
interesting comeback at roughly the same
amount of time yeah
one gets to play batman and one gets an
oscar nomination like did she get an
oscar nomination yes i think she did she
didn't win but i think that i did but
she didn't get them off yeah i can't
remember who won
because the oscars were very
not memorable last year yeah which you
know girl maybe it's a good year that
you didn't win uh
um when a year that everyone's gonna
remember um although honestly like will
smith won that's the one that i remember
that's the only one people are yeah
but we're not going to talk about that
we're not going to talk about that but
yeah so like i i
am seeing this i think i'm seeing this
trend happening in hollywood i hope i'm
seeing this trend not in hollywood but
among audiences like in america and
around the world who really want to see
these smaller things well around the
world they uh audiences go for
smaller films all the time that's true
that's big in europe all the time europe
asia everywhere america is the only
place where it's like spectacle
spectacle and china spectacle spectable
spectacle spectacle um
but i'm seeing audiences now
not
taking no like everything everywhere all
at once isn't a 100 million dollar movie
it's not like a huge huge huge huge
crazy out-of-the-box hit yeah but
it is doing incredibly well for itself
over time
and that's kind of saying showing me i
think that audiences
are opening their minds back up to
[Music]
what's out there that's not a franchise
well yeah not to mention we've had two
years of pandemic people are a little
bit fatigued with having turned their
brain off and just you know keeping
netflix going while they're pat while
they pass out on the couch every night
like people i think we're hopefully
entering an era where people actually
want to think about the face you made
where people literally fall asleep to
netflix ever
well you do it specifically for i guess
other people do too you don't do it on
the couch though no not on the couch in
my bed uh to grace and frankie which had
his final episodes come out this past
i've been watching bob's burgers so much
i go in your room and you're watching
attack on titan and they're like just
like oh you're a piece of [ __ ] than like
bob's burgers
there's there's going to be a video
coming about attack on titan because i
have never watched it before i watched
like five minutes of the first episode
and i was like this is it i feel like i
would need to watch it to sort of help
you with it and i think not watch it but
i think i could read through the omnibus
the reason attack on titan kind of um i
have a hard time with that is because it
triggers my horror fears my filter the
gore yeah
it is it is a horror not the thing
really score as much as just the
psychological horror like i have this
one vision ingrained of a titan holding
up a dude he's going to eat and the guy
is just terrified and the the terror is
just perfectly animated yeah and that
has stuck with me over the last like
seven years yeah um and i haven't seen
it's the faces of the titans that do it
for me that i'm like oh it's the fact
that the uh especially in the show react
to titans so viscerally i think that's
what gets me more than the titans
themselves yeah and one of the things
like spoiler alert um if you haven't
watched it and you do want to watch it
spoiler one two three four five uh when
you find out that the titans that you
have seen with these extreme faces and
everything
they are normal people that when they
become titans their features are
exaggerated
um
it it makes it even more creepy
because you start to
look at them and you see characters that
you remember from earlier seasons
that are now titans that's interesting
yeah um like evil titans or like the the
main the the
evil ones the the ones that are
brainless
oh
well that's unfortunate yeah
and like very sad because you met these
characters you knew them and now you
kind of start recognizing their faces oh
that's unsettling yeah uh the whole
thing is unsettling um it's super
unsettling i think that's why i like it
because it's like
post-apocalyptic
science fiction fantasy horror and i am
totally on board but anyway
um
that
so the the movie thing is something
that's getting me particularly excited
because
if you're listening to this you
obviously know we're starting a
production company surprise well i guess
we've technically started it by now it's
it's the money is in the account the
money is in the bank purchases we are
racking up uh what's it called
liquefiable assets
that but it's also been registered
everything the company exists legally
like the whole deal um we'll be shooting
the first movie this summer to come out
in october very excited about that
um
so you know moving forward with that and
so because the movies because we're
working with what is considered micro
budgets
um
like to me i'm like fifteen thousand
dollars is not a micro budget to me but
by hollywood standards it's basically
it's not even it's it's like less than
ten million it's basically like
um
and
like
and it's kind of like
it seems like there's an appetite out
there now
for smaller movies yeah and movies that
have something to say specifically and
when you have talented people behind the
camera
you can do things for very little money
and
have them kind of make an impact like my
the example i always go to is 28 days
later yeah um i don't know if you've
seen that
but it was filmed on
camcorders
and
like high quality camcorders but still
camcorders they look like camcorders
regardless yeah and but the movie did
extremely well
and
it's because
it was very well made even though it was
made with camcorders yeah and they had i
guess i had very talented people behind
the camera who knew how to use it and
how to kind of work around the
limitations of the camcorder and they
had very talented people in front of the
camera who could sell the horror
regardless of how bad the video quality
looked yeah
um
you know it's telling that when you got
the sequel 28 weeks later it wasn't as
successful but it was even though it was
shot you know properly quote unquote um
and you know you get these movies like
paranormal activity and blair witch and
stuff like that that do incredibly well
that cost next to nothing the 90s was
another era that they kind of backed
away from like huge spectacles
absolutely because the 90s really when
the
the only two spectacle movies from the
90s that stick out to me are titanic and
terminator 2. not barbed wire
um
the other movies that stick out to me
from the 90s are like sex lies and
videotape pulp fiction
um you said song slams right clerks yeah
um i i didn't say silence of the lambs
but silence of the lambs wasn't that
small of a budget no uh i mean like it
felt like a small movie though not in
comparison that's kind of why i'm
including the batman in this because
it's less about the actual what's being
spent on it and more about the attention
to what is on the screen and what is in
the script and what's going and yeah
like with the batman
i kind of wish the end of the movie
didn't have like the big flood and
everything because that pushes it more
into blockbuster territory like i kind
of wish they had kept it on the level of
seven yeah
um like it was a like and when i'm
talking about the size of movement
talking about the scope what is this
movie trying to get across and like the
batman kind of peaked at a terrorist
attack that involved a flood um as
opposed to doctor strange two which is
either of the doctor strange's which is
literal multi multiple dimensions
colliding
so like that's what i mean in terms of
scope
um yeah it's kind of like um
um
i just had an example but it left my
brain so never mind
[Laughter]
for instance uh
thx uh
the the george lucas movie thx i haven't
seen that uh it was his first movie yeah
uh based on his film school thesis it's
a science fiction film
and you know has the themes and stuff
that you get from things from like 1984
and stuff like that
but on a much smaller scale because you
didn't have a huge budget
and then you have star wars so you have
these two science fiction movies from
the same director
and they are two incredibly different
movies and
both of them came from studios
and
but they're very very different
and so it's kind of like wasn't there
like no music in thx
no i think there was music okay
um
now i can't remember it's been forever
since i've seen it but um did nielsen do
american graffiti that was in between
okay uh which there's plenty of music in
american graffiti yeah plenty of cars
too yeah little known fact about george
lucas i love this is that
he is a car nut and that is why his
spaceships look so cool is because he
designs and they're all named after cars
yeah he designs them to look to kind of
have that feel of like 50s 60s muscle
cars yeah uh he wanted to be a race car
driver when he was younger right yeah
then he got into a car accident and
couldn't keep it up but i i love that
he's just a car not making space movies
yeah he's a car nerd who's just like
because
you i i think there are spaceships in
star wars called cadillacs uh no not
cadillac there are corvettes corvettes
that's it that's the the ten to five
that's a corvette yeah krillian corvette
um
whereas the imperial ships are all named
after um battleships
yeah
um
but yeah so you see this thing kind of
happening with
streaming where now they're all kind of
like oh god what do we do because
you know
the they've kind of hit saturation
um
but now you've got these really small
independent or at least low-budget
filmmakers
coming up who are doing incredibly
interesting things
like you have movies like the witch and
everything everywhere all at once yeah
and stuff like that that are coming out
that are just
so interesting it's it's it's creating
an interesting take that can't really be
quantified which is why i'm kind of
saying talk using scope is this thing
because these are like
you can tell warner brothers was on fire
while they were making the batman
because there was not a student there
was not a producer on set making sure
that what was going on yeah there was no
like person kind of looking over at the
director's shoulder and being like
like looking at the dailies this is too
dark what are you doing you're lighting
the set too dark yeah
it's like that's the point yeah
because you know studios heads don't
really look at it in terms of like a
creative
venture they look at the business
venture they're like i can't see batman
why would people want to go see a batman
movie yeah um but you know not seeing
batman it turns out is far more
interesting because batman is supposed
to be the shadows yeah
um
but yeah one of the other things that's
happening now
also happened in the 60s
is that there are small independent
production companies popping up right
that are there looking for interesting
filmmakers and interesting ideas like
you give them money like a24
um
and in the early 90s you had things like
miramax did you see the app for that new
uh florence pew movie
um she's starting a movie she's in so
many movies she is kind of she needs to
be worried because she's hitting a
jennifer lawrence type over saturation
point so
uh she's not quite at jennifer lawrence
yet but she could be yeah like she's in
that direction it's i think it's the
director who did little women uh olivia
someone
she didn't do it little women um
is it the one with harry styles yeah
yeah
harry styles is a gay cop
he plays a gay cop in like the 50s or
something like that they're married
yeah he plays a bisexual cop oh um
and he has gay sex scenes and stuff in
the movie yeah
that's the big selling point of the
movie is really harry styles has boy
kissing the thing i saw is that he that
wasn't in the trailer i saw it at all at
all
florence pew in here i know he's in a
movie where he plays a queer cop okay
well i think this is not that movie uh
because he is very sexually married to
florence pew and it's very horny um and
matt damon's in it too
it's the victory project i think no it's
called um
something something darling don't worry
darling oh i can't remember i'm gonna
look it up i'ma look it up uh my phone's
here that thing's off oh the ipad is
dead and i don't have my laptop here
oh
talk about stuff now i don't know what
to do
hey audience
no that's not it
it's called don't worry darling trailer
and it's a yeah yeah yeah i think that's
the gay what can i say don't think
that's gay because harry styles was not
doing gay stuff in the trailer and he
did not seem to be a cop he seemed to be
like an office worker and this dystopian
step 48 step 40 and kind of thing place
he was not a cop in so far as i saw in
the trailer styles
nope not realm
film
autography
okay
let's see here
filmography
so
okay yeah um the one where he plays the
gay cop is called my policeman okay and
it is a romantic drama film directed by
michael grandage it is based on the
novel of the same name by
bethan roberts
it stars harry styles emma corrin and
david dodd okay anyway the um florence
pew movie don't worry darling is um
it seems like a stepford wives thing but
like with you know interdimensional
[ __ ] which
that's
the trailer's super interesting um
really interesting very kind of cia kind
of um
redacted files kind of thing so yeah i'm
interested in seeing that um
and that's um
oh i can't remember her name she was on
house
yeah is directing it i can't remember
her name
olivia someone i think uh we have a
phone right here
olivia something but i can't remember
her last name
for the life of me
olivia wilde olivia wilde yeah
um
but yeah so there's these small
interesting movies coming out from small
interesting directors from small
interesting production companies and the
thing is they look interesting like
conceptually they have unique uh feels
whereas like we have had the last 10
years and of just this
kind of um where everything was either
zack snyder mcu or fast and furious yeah
and and so like it was it's v it was
very literally a decade of that just
a lot of visually the same and because
like when you boil it down zack snyder
is only tandentally different than the
scope of marvel movies yeah and the
decade before that everyone was trying
to be michael bay yeah so this has been
20 years of these massive spectacle
movies trying to you know um have
distinct explosions without actually
themselves looking distinct i remember
when um fury road came out people were
saying it just looks like michael bay
explosion and you literally were
everywhere on twitter being like um no
um george miller explosion frank miller
who which one which dweller george
miller george miller explosions are
different than michael bay explosions
and they were because they were actually
real explosions a lot of michael bay
explosions are real explosions really um
the difference is george miller was
perfectly fine blowing up cameras to get
those explosions
that's true michael daise's michael
bay's michael bay is a numbers guy
um yeah at the same time is also under
the impression that he is an artor
filmmaker um yeah
but we're not going to talk about that
um
uh so like it's interesting to i i'm
really curious to see whether it is like
marvel fatigue whether it's blockbuster
fatigue or whether people just want
something that's a little bit more
smaller and more cerebral from their
cinematic uh experiences well yeah
because
you would think
that after being stuck at home for two
years
and watching netflix shows
you would be like i want something big i
want spectacle i want bombastic
craziness
but that doesn't seem to be what's
happening now the summer movie season is
not even getting started yet uh it
doesn't get started until
actually it gets started this weekend
with doctor strange um so it's kind of
like we'll see
what happens with the summer movie
season and if people really are kind of
going for just the the typical big giant
movies or if they're
for the first time in a long time is
bandwidth for these smaller movies to
actually get a foothold and get a fan
base yeah because if there is then
there's a whole generation of filmmakers
that can come up from that yeah and i'm
really excited to see that too
just because like i i think i've gotten
kind of sick of the blockbuster i think
i've gotten kind of worn out of like
that kind of
overlit
uh oh the over-lit stuff yeah the
over-lit
the universe is in peril oh god what do
we do like it's just sky beam it just
it just seems like the same thing yeah
and it's like not like the rest of
marvel where it was building to
something we don't know what this is
building towards yet and so it just
seems like the same
and i think marvel is too a great
ingrained and i didn't mind the marvel
formula what was happening because i
understand that it was building to
something longer term but well we knew
it was building yeah to the thanos stuff
and so now we didn't know that in the
first phase but then again people hadn't
really caught on to the marvel formula
in the first phase well yeah and the
first phase also wasn't that it was
successful but it wasn't that successful
thor captain america hulk for sure
weren't huge movies and so like this is
what i mean by like big budget movies
and it's like we got the batman out of
this is like the big budget movies
they all had that kind of paint by
numbers feel
uh because because they are paint by
numbers because they're kind of decided
by executives because executives have
decided this format was successful here
so it must be successful everywhere and
so that's why smaller movies are
becoming such a prominent thing is
because it's
budgets that are too small for stu for
producers to be find it worth their time
to micromanage yeah because if you have
you know if you give
a director a a jordan peel for instance
if you give him 15 million dollars to
make a movie
to me that you know to most people 15
million dollars sounds like a fortune
but to a movie executive it's like oh
yeah that guy over there has 15 million
dollars to make a movie this guy has 200
million and i need to keep an eye on him
yeah the first guy's a tax write-off if
it doesn't work off no big deal yeah
whereas the other guy is you know my
career yeah um and so you know they'll
micromanage the big movies which is they
kind of let the smaller movies go which
is why the first it for instance did
really really really well and the second
one didn't because that's when the
studios realized this is the cash cow
well yeah the studio was warner brothers
was like okay it needs to have this and
this and this and this and this and this
and we have to hit this and this and
this and it's like okay now your movie's
three hours long yeah
really like arbitrary kind of additions
to it uh based on what i've heard i
haven't watched a horror movie in my
life yeah the first it was so
well made and so tightly made and just
because it's so good
it let itself be raw
like it let itself just be
this kind of horrifying messy mess of
stuff whereas like and i mean that in a
nice way like it was raw as in like it
went raw like it went hard it went like
the scariest part of the second it movie
was at the very beginning when the gay
guy gets murdered
because it was like
really real
and then pennywise eating him and stuff
like that was terrifying but then when
it and not just because i'm gay but
because it just felt
you don't see that
um that visceralness
and it was very visceral you don't see
that in a lot of horror movies
but then the rest of the movie just
became
okay let's hit the beats
and
the first movie i found was closer to
that visceral nature and maybe it's
because it's kids and you know
child characters in horror movies i
watched i could not watch the trailers
for the first it movie without getting
nightmares the second trailer no the
second the trailer for the second movie
they felt it felt much less and that's
what i mean like it was
oh yeah there was more polish there and
like i feel like horror comes from
things being unpolished and
unquantifiable and undefinable and
obscured and so like the film like i
said like this executive why do people
want to go see a batman movie where you
don't see batman
and that's that's that's a very good
point um because the horror movies that
become the biggest hits
are the low budget ones
because
a horror movie shouldn't feel polished
and when you start to get things being
really successful and you start to get
big money behind them like i think the
second it movie was like a
it was it was it wasn't like you know
200 million but it was high for a year
um
it had polish to it
which doesn't in my opinion doesn't work
with horror movies yeah because when
what i mean what do we mean by polish is
like a kind of smoothness like
smoothness where things are explained
things are qualified things are clear um
where a lack of clarity i think is
the reason why the first it did so
did so well because like there was a
bunch of unanswered questions a lot of
ambiguity and because the creators were
like the the details aren't important
yeah uh this is about a cosmic fear
monster yeah um and if we explain it as
a cosmic fear monster it's not as scary
anymore yeah and i know there's somebody
listening who's saying what about scream
scream is not a horror movie
in my opinion it's a slasher movie but
it's closer to
uh agatha christie
than
the last house on the left
and
so or like texas chainsaw massacre or
something like that it's much more of a
murder mystery all of them examples the
28 days later is unpolished and raw or
very 28 weeks later is incredibly
polished very and that's why it was
boring because like the polish meant
that it had to fit certain beats by
traditional filmmaking when the polish
is there you know you're watching a
movie so it's not scary oh that's
another way whereas when it's kind of
messy
you almost feel like you're watching
footage yeah and well uh blair witch
project well blair witch project is a
good example but you know there
horror really got a lot out of the found
footage thing yeah but like you can do a
normal narrative movie that feels very
cinema verite that is a horror movie and
it works sound footage like i want to
sort of talk about like i i
i didn't mind cloverfield
um but i felt like it was trying too
hard to be found footage movie
in terms of cloverfield was basically i
i liked it because it was taking the
idea of the found footage movie blair
witch project paranormal activity
and taking it to the blockbuster extreme
what i didn't like about it is like
the explanation why are you filming this
um how is this footage compiled these
questions weren't really answered and
even though
and like the thing that i that really
bothered me the most about that is that
they're going through like the military
base in the and the um
in the and they don't take the camera
from it and they don't first of all they
don't take the camera second of all just
perfectly she pans over to see her
friend explode in the uh behind the
curtain um and it's like
i think it's a guy whoever was filming i
think it was multiple filmers and i'm
like once again how did you compile this
yeah um
and like like it it just fit those it
just hit those beats yeah uh where it's
like okay it fit those filmographic
beats and it felt like a film yeah uh
whereas like blair witch project didn't
give a flying [ __ ] if the camera wasn't
pointed at what it needed to be yeah um
it was like okay you didn't quite see
that it's obscured in the shadows great
like yeah and that was why it was more
terrifying like the kids laughing in the
[ __ ] woods um
and so like and like you know film nerds
are gonna be like uh the blair witch
project wasn't the best found footage
film it's like okay but i have a very
limited frame of reference for horror
movies well i mean
saying it's the best or not the best is
so completely subjective
um
like i don't know where it stacks up in
terms of like you know the um the kind
of genre but yeah and so that's what i
mean by i think it is clover field was
polished where everything was project
was not
i think the first paranormal activity
is on par with blair witch but i think
everything else is imitating them
uh like i have an idea for a fan footage
horror movie where it's kind of nature
people and they're going out and so
they've got gopros strapped to their
heads because you see that a lot with
like um hardcore sports and stuff like
that oh that'd be fun and that way it's
like
in the story explanation for why there
is a camera on everybody's head
and you can cut between them and it all
makes sense
and that way it's not just oh i'm just
gonna film my friend being killed this
would be super gimmicky and you can do
this only on like a streaming service is
if the viewer can flip between the four
different perspectives um when they want
that might have been done i think it
might have been done but i think it
could be fun for horror because then it
means like oh you weren't watching the
right screen when this happened oh my
god flick to that screen oh my god
there's something happening on this one
yeah so it'd like be worth kind of
re-watching it to kind of deconstruct it
that way uh like if there's three or
four of them yeah if there's like four
streams and you can flick between them
and then like you can kind of
artificially get your numbers up because
people will go back and watch the movie
again to see the other side of things
especially if one of them is the killer
uh so that's that's settling in by
polish and that's why
the batman was not polished there's here
here's my cause there's polish and
there's experimental
and
experimental isn't like david lynch it's
there's a filmmaker who is cutting their
teeth
and then
polished is there's a filmmaker who has
been given money
and with that money they have you know
the best cinematographer the best
everything and so everything is much
more
some would argue
was where tim burton failed
absolutely as a director the more
polished he got the more he stopped
caring about making things
function after mars attacks it was
downhill there's a bit of a pickup for
sweeney todd and then back down as for
in my opinion i don't think that's um an
opinion that is unshared yeah um sweeney
todd i know there's a lot of people who
hate mars attacks but i think it's
hilarious good because
i i i we were watching listening to some
film people talk uh i think it was
lindsay actually uh listening to some
film people yeah and her friend on the
musical explaining uh talked about
willie wonk with the willy wonka the
bird willy wonka and he said like that
felt like it was the last time that
tim burton and friends had fun on a
movie
yeah
and it's like
that checks out
yeah
um
because like alice in wonderland didn't
even feel like a tim burton was soulless
yeah it's completely soulless uh corpse
bright even soulless well corpse bride
was very much just seemed to me like
trying to recreate nightmare before
christmas
yes but doing it without anything it was
you know
corpse bride very polished uh because
they had they and that's the thing with
night before before christmas they had
to make do with what they can so it's
like okay we've only got this let's find
a way to make this work regardless
whereas like polish seems to be
depending on elements of the film
structure the cost depending on the
costume depending on the set i mean
depending on the polish is good oh yeah
i'm not saying it's bad but i'm sort of
saying like you know they're
like and here's another good example
the hobbit versus the lord of the rings
ah
yeah the hobbit is so polished it has a
sheen to everything whereas the lord of
the rings is dirty
and like the lord of the rings cost you
know almost i think was 250 million
dollars to make like it they spent 18
months shooting it it is the definition
they all made a billion dollars 120
oscars 20 or 18. um like it is the
definition of blockbuster cinema
but when you watch it
it's really you feel like you're there
there's this roughness to it
yeah whereas when you watch the hobbit
it feels like everything is plastic it's
yeah that's what i mean like it feels
like everything i
perfect example if you've ever driven
through perth ontario you know exactly
what polish looks like it it polishes
like it's like a polished handcrafted
versus one that's 3d printed
yes and i was going to say polish looks
feels like a miniature diorama where
everything is placed just so
you're creating the idea of a film
you're creating the idea of a mate of a
gore street in perth ontario um
uh gore street sounds like a horror
movie uh the main street of perth
ontario is gore street fourth street i
[ __ ] hate that place
um
like this is what i mean like perth
ontario when you're driving through it
it feels like it's trying to convince
you that this is what a small town is
like
um and regardless of the fact that it is
in fact a small town yeah you've been
there well i've been there but there's a
lot of places from where i'm from where
like the town is obviously not you know
small town usa or anything yeah but
there are parts of it that are trying to
look that way yeah and like because
perth are trying to look like they
popped out of a 1950s sitcom perth is um
uh it's got that main drag it's built on
a river so it's very picturesque there's
a clock tower on the city hall uh
gorgeous parks around all of the light
posts on the main street have flower
planters there are flower planters every
few
every couple dozen meters on the main
street uh all of the shop fronts are
very just so
um
like templated yes and that's what i
mean like it feels
so polished and it's like this is so
polished it can't be real this doesn't
occur naturally it's trying to convince
you that this is
you know something
um
uh that just occurs naturally it's
trying to convince it's very stepford
it's there to convince city people that
this is a small town yeah um with small
town living and small town amenities
small town values even though it is not
there are stores in perth that people
will drive from toronto which is four
hours away um to go to and then drive
back to toronto because it offers things
that you can't get in the city and or
any small town uh it's a store called
foodsmiths it's a natural holistic food
store um they get things in that are
almost impossible to get i would think
you could get anything in toronto
maybe things have changed toronto uh
toronto um
but yeah so like it's it's
it is a small town but it is trying to
fit your it's trying to meet your
archetypical
uh platonic ideal of what a small town
is and that's what yeah it's it's that
rockwell image of what assault yeah yes
rockwell polish
um
and so like there is merit to that i
mean like
um you want to look at uh you know as
another example lady gaga's early career
she was using polish as an artistic tool
to kind of create commentary about the
industry of music and about the creative
process and about stardom and she was
using and she was making sure every uh
her stuff fit those kind of elements of
polishedness
because as long as it fit those criteria
she could do whatever the [ __ ] she
wanted and she kind of realized this uh
in her early career and she made it big
off of that and now she's doing
something um i guess
um
i feel like after
born this way she kind of
lost track of her ability to kind of
create these creative personas i think
it's very clear when gaga can do
something that she wants to do and
something she feels like she has to do
yeah like the video for um 9-1-1 9-1-1
was something she wanted to do yeah
whereas the video for the one that came
before that
the one that was shot on an iphone uh
that wasn't the one before that because
the one before that was uh right on me
with ariana grande uh which seemed like
a fun time yeah the first one that came
out the one that was in the desert that
one um that felt like a bit of a chore
that felt like that was
sold to her by producers and apple yeah
um to say like make a video with our
iphones and we will pay for it she's
like okay i have to do this now yeah and
like that kind of they wanted the most
upbeat song and that started to
come about uh in her uh born this way
music video run especially when she got
you know bullied out of the idea the
concept she had for edge of glory yeah
uh and with the by the director
mysterious drama she had with artpop
regarding her injury and her manager
somehow betraying her to the extent that
she fired him and make it made a huge
deal about it
uh that i haven't really heard anything
about that yeah um so yeah like whereas
you know like lady gaga unpolished is
joanne uh lady gaga unpolished is cheek
to cheek it's cheek to cheek not
necessarily the second one the second
one felt much more polished i felt
because they you know they had to kind
of keep the pulp put the polish in there
because tony bennett because kind of was
slipping yeah slipping a little bit
that's a good phrase uh but cheek to
cheat was very raw um to the point where
i would hear lady gaga and or tony
messing up lyrics now and then yeah um
and at points like they would laugh and
you're like yeah that's not scripted
yeah and that happens i listen to a lot
of jazz music that happens all the time
yeah because they record these live the
whole band everyone uh maybe they throw
in an instrument or two afterwards in
post but uh and they do that so they can
get these kind of really fun um
spontaneous interactions yeah um and
spontaneous that's another kind of way
to sort of
say an antithesis to polish
yeah because especially with filmmaking
when you're doing a movie that's 200
million dollars when you show up to set
you have a list for every single shot
that's going to happen that day and
there is no changing it yeah whereas
apparently that's doubly true with
marvel movies people have talked about
everyone shows up they know they're
lying it's it's not like pirate six
lying nobody has your pieces
uh important i feel bad about johnny
depp i do i i mean i i say that somewhat
sympathetically because i get like i
want him to do another pirates movie i
want him to get clean and do another
pirates movie to kind of show everyone
that i'm still i'm sad we didn't get to
see him build up to be grindelwald for a
number of reasons i feel like that is
something that he would have built up to
over over the next next few movies
before we really got to see what he was
kind of planning well there's not gonna
be any more movies than that there's not
gonna be any more movies from that and
we didn't get to see that begin with and
you know johnny depp can do better yeah
um i forget where i was the petition to
remove amber heard from uh aquaman has
reached three million signers they cut
her down to i think ten minutes
uh but i can't i can't remember what i
was saying now um
but right so so so like
the it is a machi when the bigger the
movie the more likely it is to be a
machine and smaller movies you show up
and the actors actually have the
opportunity to come to the director and
say like
what if we did this or what if like i
said this instead of this and there can
be some you know creativity
uh spontaneous creativity on the set
whereas when you've got a 200 million
dollar movie and you've got you know 500
people on set and you've got if someone
goes you've got producers on set
literally looking at their watch going 5
000 10 000 15 000. like if someone goes
off script that disrupts the entire day
so yeah because if someone doesn't hit
their mark if someone says a line that's
not like that can just mess everything
up
and
you know sometimes directors who do have
a lot of sway can can like taiwa for
instance he can make a 200 million
dollar movie that does have some oh yeah
like improvisation i think chris
hemsworth got a lot of improvised lines
on the right
that entire right loki become like um
picking up the snake scene i picked up a
snake and look he became sick and ah
yeah that was improv so that was like
legit reactions and funny you mentioned
taiga with td because uh we watched what
we do in the shadows lately yeah uh
which not movie but you know we're at
the point where we've talked about i've
seen the movie but you haven't right
yeah this we we meant the tv show yeah i
meant the tv show
um and like if we were weeing all over
us the strange thing about that is that
you know aja is this you know
mediterranean island character
nausea nausea uh this mediterranean
character she will sometimes slip into
this random british
accent why is that like she must be
british why are they keeping these cuts
in we learned it's because like only
about 90 percent of that show is
scripted the rest is just the character
only about 10 of that show is scripted
well more than 10 but like a huge
portion of the show is unscripted and so
it's just these characters interact like
these actors in character interacting
with things and so even though it's a
show that is obviously designed because
you have character you have special
effects happening you have characters
flying and everything yeah that turning
into even though it has to be you know
polished because when you have that kind
of stuff happening people can get
injured so you have to make sure that
it's safe
it's there's still this spontaneity and
messiness to it
that just makes it feel real yeah and
fun yeah like but i feel like if that
i've actually heard a rule of comedy
like the more jokes you script than not
it's not you're you're the less funny it
is yeah um that's especially true when
you're emceeing if you don't ever script
your joke if you have if you are invited
to mc something don't script your jokes
uh riff on your own content while you're
on stage yeah
um
and i've seen what happens when you
don't do that
dead air
every season on drag race
[Laughter]
there is somebody who just it's like
stop
you're not funny stop
but yeah back to hollywood um or the
lack thereof
um
i'm really excited by at the prospect of
what's going on
the prospect of it well hopefully it'll
open some doors for telos
i feel like there are more doors shut
for telos just because of the gay thing
well yeah oddly i feel like heart
stopper is opening more doors for telos
than anything else because people are
like
oh you can have a gay thing and it
doesn't have to be about
gay bashing or aids or
you know trauma of any sort it's like no
people actually and not just gay people
just people
enjoy they are perfectly fine like i
said from the beginning people don't
really care about what they're watching
they just care that what they're what
they're watching is good yeah and you
know
people can only take so much depressing
[ __ ]
and when every gay thing
even when it's like a lighthearted
comedy kind of thing like love simon
it's like
there's the
there's so much stress and anxiety in
the movie
and then in heart stopper there's really
not and people are so in love with it
because of that
and
i think that's opening doors for queer
media that weren't there before and i
think there's the possibility
that telos might be popping up at the
perfect time yeah so kind of hit this
kind of perfect storm of like you know a
growing audience curiosity i think it's
not a demand i think we're still in the
curiosity phase like i'm curious about
experiencing
more
gay media
um
especially because
60 of gen y
identifies as some flavor of queer wait
is gen y the one after us
those are zoomers
no that's gen z
maybe it's gen z that i'm thinking of
yeah cause jen where's supposedly gen y
okay it's the one after millennials yeah
um it's like 50 or 60 percent identify
as some flavor of queer
and so it's like
that is a huge audience coming up
that doesn't have
media made for it yeah
but and honestly like in the
the discussion of polish versus then
polish media i don't really trust
studios gonna deliver that earnestly
absolutely not because it's going to be
so polished that it's going to be
depicting a limited and i've kind of
railed like used your videos to kind of
scream into the void uh sorry i use you
uh
i know um
like you know kind of talking about like
um when it comes to money men
there's only going to be a limited
availability of queer identities that
they're going to willing to describe
display um
and you know of those identities there's
only a limited number of reflections
that those people are going to be like
for instance and this is probably a good
way to bring the this episode to a close
do you think
if everything everywhere all at once had
been a 200 million movie
they ever
would have let
the
villain of the movie be a lesbian
absolutely not
never never because they would have
looked at it and said the gays will come
for us she can't be a lesbian yeah
they're vilifying gay people we can't do
this anymore and then you lose an
interesting queer character of color
yeah oh that i i have said that movie i
have so so much reverence for that movie
um i have reverence for everyone on set
i i loved the entire cast jimmy i've
watched so many direct so many
interviews with the daniels the
directors and i'm just like they seem so
like so much fun i want to hang out with
them
i just
jamie lee curtis yes jamie yeah jamie
curtis she she was
you can tell he doesn't watch horror
movies i no i just had a brain fart uh
she was just so fantastic i i i love
that she went ugly as she did um yeah
with the like the gut and everything
yeah and then the ultimate universe uh
sausage
um the sauce hot hot dog fingers
uh lesbian romance i'm like jamie you
don't got a a gut you're the activia
lady she is the activity lady uh this is
this is the ultimate version of jamie
lee curtis where she was not the
activity yeah where she doesn't eat
activia
and so she has a lot of bad gut bacteria
but she does have dildo awards to make
up for it but plug awards
yes she does
people listening to this movie are like
what is going on
what is going on with this movie
but yeah so what do you guys think do
you think that there is
an opening
now
for
more interesting smaller movies that
wasn't there before the people are kind
of
being a bit more open-minded and they're
not just going to movies that are
kind of
the the swanson's tv dinner of cinema
that's where they know exactly what
they're getting yeah um you know it's
not the big mac of movies or do you want
the chef special yeah where it's just
like i don't know what the [ __ ] i'm
gonna get but let's see
and
you know so do you think that's
happening or do you think it's that
you know
it's really just gonna go back to boring
one thing i'm worried about is that
we're going to have a couple like not so
great smaller movies that get over hyped
because movie tickets are more expensive
than they ever have been you know
relative to
you know the you know cost of living and
stuff um i think uh like it completely
depends on where you yeah
in some areas they're getting very
inaccessible uh some areas still don't
have well like the average price of a
movie ticket in new york is 25 that's
ridiculous so like you know like people
it's still 10 bucks here and my thought
process about that was like people go to
see spectacle movies that they can't see
content of on go streaming because like
i i have 20 bucks to spend on this movie
i'm going to spend it on something
that's going to be a popcorn flick um
so i think that the price of movie ticks
is is also going to impact
um
that's like bad food because it's just
gone the next day
i know um and i think people are maybe
people have realized you know like i'm
not going to spend 25 bucks on a movie
that i've seen 20 times whereas i think
people who go see everything everywhere
all at once they're talking about it for
weeks after yeah it only had a three
percent drop last week
yeah it's been doing great and usually
every week after a movie is released it
drops um
50 to 70 the bigger movies yeah the
bigger movies the smaller of the box
office gross the smaller the drop but
like three percent is like a yeah that's
yeah that's that's pretty because it
hasn't been introduced in more theaters
than it has been yeah i think it's in
like two thousand theaters now um
because i saw someone complaining the
week uh after after everything was
really everything everywhere was
released they were saying they were so
salty they couldn't see it because their
movie theater was still showing
spider-man
yeah and so like you know like it
our movie theaters also need to start
you know taking
you know bets on smaller movies um
smaller studios need to be willing to
distribute more far and wider but i
think you know like if they kind of have
these very well smaller studios what
they do is they release it in
a couple of theaters
like between one and ten cause i
remember we didn't even get the first
wave of everything everywhere well it's
because it's released in like one to ten
theaters and then they release it in
usually about
one to fifty
and then up to five hundred
and then when it gets to a thousand we
get it
but
most people don't get it until it gets
to 2500 to 3000 theaters
um
like especially if you live in a small
town you're not getting it until it
reaches like ultra wide
release and i'm interested to see people
are how especially like back on topic
for doctor strange and everything
everywhere how are people going to
compare
the multiverseness in doctor strange
versus everything everywhere well the
thing is
because we've already had a lot of
multiverse content from marvel and is
like is doctor strange going to be the
same thing oh no the multiverse is at
stake from ambiguous monster thing like
different i i think the exciting i i
don't know
we'll find out we will find out we'll
probably be talking about it on next
week's episode we might have a special
yeah yeah oh god i'm so nervous about
this
i am so nervous about this i
we one division wasn't even done and i
was nervous about this like yeah i have
so many feelings about the scarlet witch
wrapped up in this and i am so tired
okay so
what do you guys think do you think
hollywood is going to open its eyes and
start experimenting again or do you
think that they're just going to keep
doing these gigantic movies that are
like
you know
bad
food that's just gone the next day and
you forget about it they're just eating
the same food every day
or do you think that smaller studios are
going to pick up the slack and
you know like
studios like a24 which if anyone from
a24 is listening i would love to make a
movie with you
um
what do what do you guys think of the
current situation of hollywood and do
you think that we're going to have a
resurrection of the roaring twenties
let's hope so
okey-dokey oh my god i can't wait to
break out my twenties slang again
zoot suits goddamns
all right
[Laughter]
thank you guys so much for listening and
thank you for being patrons you are all
wonderful my name is james water right
giggle water i'm nick
and this has been the padreon
have a great week
[Applause]